# DTR Memo
------------
## Project: Rush Hour ##
### Group Members: Patrick Wentz, Garrett Smestad, Zachary Forbing ###
------------
* #### What does each group member hope to get out of the project? What are your goals and expectations for the project? ####
    * [insert group goals/expectations here]
      * GS - [insert my goals/expectations here]
      * PW - [insert Patrick's goals/expectations here]
      * ZF - [insert Zachary's goals/expectations here]


* #### When are group members available to work together? What hours can each group member work individually? Are there any personal time commitments that need to be discussed? ####
  * GS - [insert my availability here]
  * PW - [insert Patrick's availability here]
  * ZF - [insert Zachary's availability here]


* #### How will group members communicate? How often will communication happen, and how will open lines of communication be maintained? ####
  * GS - [insert my communication prefs here]
  * PW - [insert Patrick's communication prefs here]
  * ZF - [insert Zachary's communication prefs here]


* #### What is each group memberâ€™s self-identified strength(s) technically? What does each group member want to improve on technically? How can the team assist with these improvements? ####
  * GS - [insert my strengths/improvements here]
  * PW - [insert Patrick's strengths/improvements here]
  * ZF - [insert Zachary's strengths/improvements here]


* #### Which feature(s) does each group member want to work on? Which feature(s) does each group member not want to work on? ####
  * GS - [insert my feature prefs here]
  * PW - [insert Patrick's feature prefs here]
  * ZF - [insert Zachary's feature prefs here]


* #### What is the agreed upon Git workflow? What project management tool will be used? What is the agreed upon procedure for conducting code reviews before merging into master: who will review pull requests, and when? ####
  * GS - [insert my workflow role here]
  * PW - [insert Patrick's workflow role here]
  * ZF - [insert Zachary's workflow role here]


* #### What is expected of group members when they run into problems implementing a feature? ####
  * GS - [insert my thoughts here]
  * PW - [insert Patrick's thoughts here]
  * ZF - [insert Zachary's thoughts here]


* #### How does each group member want feedback (both positive and constructive) to be delivered? ####
  * GS - [insert my feedback prefs here]
  * PW - [insert Patrick's feedback prefs here]
  * ZF - [insert Zachary's feedback prefs here]


* #### Is there anything else the group should know about personal work/communication styles? ####
  * GS - [insert my thoughts here]
  * PW - [insert Patrick's thoughts here]
  * ZF - [insert Zachary's thoughts here]
